Changes for review (#2)
adityap7/Markdown-Repo_: Installation Guides/Install Jenkins on AWS.md

> # Install Jenkins on AWS

Reviewer: This is first comment.

>  ![github_jenkins width-2](https://github.com/adityap7/Markdown-Repo_/assets/6860928/24e8a264-8205-4a2c-b183-9750115cf3e1)

Reviewer: Please remove image from the heading. If you're planning to add an image, add an image about Jenkins and AWS.

Author: changed the same

> ## About this guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## About this tutorial
```

Reviewer: This is a tutorial, not a guide.

Author: done

> Jenkins – It is an open source automation server. It helps automate the parts of software development related to building, testing, and deploying, facilitating continuous integration, and continuous delivery. It is a server-based system that runs in servlet containers such as Apache Tomcat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jenkins: It is an open source automation server that manages the phases of software development. It includes building, testing, and deploying an application by facilitating continuous integration and continuous delivery. Jenkins is a server-based system that runs in servlet containers of Apache Tomcat.
```

Reviewer: - Use colon if you're explaining some topic.
- Automation server automates. Hence, to avoid repetition, we used `manages`.
- Don't use anthromorphism. It means make non-living things to do living things tasks such as helps, watches, etc.
- Phases of software development is correct.
- Using `such as` means there are other options available. In this case, it is not. Hence, removed such as.
